so with that all deal with an increase in tempo is off first identify
why are we having this increase and is it achievable and if it's something
that I know that I can take on for another extended period of
time and and meet those requirements because the tempos increase and
I'll continue with it and I'll try and foster that same culture morale
throughout the team that I'm working with but also to I got to
recognize when there is too much and that possibly that temple is going
to either start breaking me down or other individuals in my team
and recognizing everybody certain level of being able to accept an
increase in that tempo some people can take on more than others some
people they are able to deal with stressful situations better than
others and other people need a little bit more time or need a break
before they can they can get their temple increased so you have to recognize
that as a leader within your people figure out when to make
those decisions and then just be vocal about it as well if you're noticing
that increase in tempo and it's going to have long lasting or
detrimental effects on you and your team you've got to let folks know
that you know you're gonna have a hard time meeting this increased
tempo because a lot of times they might not even be aware if they
piled on this this increase to you that your it's something that you
just can't achieve until you voice your opinion and let it be known